let's say you're on Sprint and you want
a smartphone but you don't need all the
bells and whistles that the galaxy s4
offers or maybe the HTC One or lg
optimus G I'm Erin Baker from phone
gog.com and if that fits your bill this
might be the device for you
it's the lg optimus f3 it just arrived
in the office and it's time for an
unboxing there's a new lg optimus in the
office here in phonedog Dallas it is the
lg optimus f3 and special thanks to LG
for sending us over a review unit so we
can check it out now maybe you don't
need that Optimus G or that Optimus G
pro on ATT it's just too much phone for
you you want something a little bit
smaller and it can be portable and maybe
doesn't need the specifications that
come with the Optimus G pro this could
be a great unit for you the Optimus f3
just to give you a quick recap of specs
includes a 1.2 gigahertz dual-core
Snapdragon 400 CPU four gigs of internal
storage one gig of ram mm 460 million
power battery and a 4 inch display that
even though it's not HD that's 480 by
800 pixels and is an IPS display so you
can see the typical sprint box here 4G
LTE connectivity as well in markets that
support it on the now network but Before
we jump too far into that I want to give
special thanks to our partners invest
buy because they give us phones like
this that we actually give to you for
free on the site at Phone calm when you
go into Best Buy Mobile you'll walk out
working whether you get the f3 or
something else they'll make sure your
emails set up your camera settings are
good to go that you walk out the door
and you're good to go and then you're
set up so for example if you bought
something today it's Friday you can walk
out working and enjoy your weekend in
the box here get started guide vamos
Dora look at the in this case I've had a
product in facade and lg optimus f3
important information that you're
probably not gonna read let's be
entirely honest here recycling back good
stuff
battery 2400 60 million of hours just to
recap AC adapter module USB cable
nothing too crazy
cray-cray as they say in the box and
we'll load up location privacy just
kidding it's not we're gonna load up
lg optimus f3 it's a tiny little foam 4
inch display very similar actually
identical to the iPhone size so even
though it looks tiny on an Android phone
it's huge an iPhone land back in menu
button and typical lg optimus G pro
style here backwards or I should say at
least
around it's on the left side right
side physical home button volume rocker
over here power button over on the right
side camera on the back so you can take
those pictures
snap snap snap and snap away you've got
five megapixel camera here 1080p HD
recording and again a typical LG look
and feel here so if you've worked it all
with all G's user interface you know it
to be about the same over here got
stickers on the side you have employees
stickers off your new stickers annoy me
that's loading up come on yeah boom
there we go okay get this one too and
while we're doing this you can see micro
USB charging port at the bottom 3.5
millimeter headphone jack at the top I'm
actually just trying to distract you
while I pull these stickers off is it
working let me know in the comments
probably not I always Illinois stickers
but Chrome over here I pulled all the
stickers off and it has Chrome not that
browser although maybe it does have the
browser will double check we're gonna
cancel this just double check and we'll
take a look and see it has chrome and
speaking of apps in the box here and is
taking its sweet time to load up here
voice mail 4G LTE connectivity like I
said apps include it does have Chrome
out of the box what do you know file
share LG tag plus for NFC tagging
Sprint's mobile ID and then you've got
some other sprint applications including
nothing else quite surprising mobile ID
and that's about it a sprint TV out of
the box no Sprint navigation out of the
box or TeleNav out of the box you do
have Google Shopper google plus all the
typical Google+ integration you would
expect YouTube the youtubes and then
more so let's take a look at messaging
here keep in mind 4 inch display so
compare this to something like the
galaxy s4 with a 5-inch display and you
can see the size difference over here
yes phone doc is the best I'm glad you
said that galaxy s4 will hit new message
and take a look right here at the
keyboard portrait landscape mode once I
get this all taken care of
you can see is reasonably fast this is
not gonna be a quad core processor
device this is not gonna blow your mind
ok hello we'll get some messages yeehaw
so you can see here hey there how are
you doing hey there Joe hu phooey that's
about right landscape mode here as well
you can see the most part pretty fast
and it does have the ring around the
notification or season either ring
around the physical Menu button down
here at the bottom or physical home
button
should say where I can come into display
or nobody's home screen battery ask
cannot remember which one it sent on say
maybe it's in display there's yeah here
you go front touch key light I can
change this around make it one point
five seconds or a little bit longer
always on if I want it to but then I can
go to Home button LED and say hey you
know what when I get a calendar message
when I get it an alarm when I get a mist
of it I can make it light up and do
pretty things you can do that just like
you can on the optimus G pro which is a
cool little feature for a device that is
arguably the mid-range to bringing some
of those high-end features to the
mid-range feature set pretty cool to
boot keep it locked on phone calm for
continuing coverage and let me know what
you think of this device i'm on twitter
at phonedog underscore aaron on facebook
at facebook.com slash hi Aaron Baker
Google + G + bo / phone dawg boom phone
dog comm loading up right now they don't
have any network connectivity so it's
not gonna go very far let me know what
you think of this device and let me know
if you would consider this over some of
the high-end options on Google+ Facebook
or Twitter thanks for watching have a
great weekend and as always I'll see you
next time